LIKE CAMPAIGN RALLIES WITHOUT THE CAMPAIGN PART.
THE CAMPAIGN PART. SO IS HE IN OR OUT?
SO IS HE IN OR OUT? AS KRISTEN WELKER REPORT, BIDEN
AS KRISTEN WELKER REPORT, BIDEN DROPPED A BRIT PRETTY BIG HINT.
DROPPED A BRIT PRETTY BIG HINT. >> Reporter: TONIGHT IS BIDEN ON
>> Reporter: TONIGHT IS BIDEN ON THE BRINK?
THE BRINK? >> RUN, JOE, RUN!
>> RUN, JOE, RUN! >> Reporter: WITH THE CROWD
>> Reporter: WITH THE CROWD URGING HIM ON, THE FORMER VICE
URGING HIM ON, THE FORMER VICE PRESIDENT DROPPING HIS STRONGEST
PRESIDENT DROPPING HIS STRONGEST HINTS YET ABOUT A PRESIDENTIAL
HINTS YET ABOUT A PRESIDENTIAL RUN.
RUN. >> I APPRECIATE THE ENERGY YOU
>> I APPRECIATE THE ENERGY YOU SHOWED WHEN I GOT UP HERE.
SHOWED WHEN I GOT UP HERE. SAVE IT A LITTLE LONGER.
SAVE IT A LITTLE LONGER. I MAY NEED IT IN A FEW WEEKS.
I MAY NEED IT IN A FEW WEEKS. >> Reporter: GOING AFTER
>> Reporter: GOING AFTER PRESIDENT TRUMP AT TWO EVENTS.
PRESIDENT TRUMP AT TWO EVENTS. >> THE GUARDRAILS WE PUT UP TO
>> THE GUARDRAILS WE PUT UP TO PREVENT THE ABUSE OF POWER,
PREVENT THE ABUSE OF POWER, THEY’RE UNDER ENORMOUS STRESS
THEY’RE UNDER ENORMOUS STRESS NOW.
NOW. >> Reporter: IF THE FORMER VICE
>> Reporter: IF THE FORMER VICE PRESIDENT GETS INTO THE RACE,
PRESIDENT GETS INTO THE RACE, POLLS SUGGEST HE WOULD INSTANTLY
POLLS SUGGEST HE WOULD INSTANTLY BECOME A DEMOCRATIC FRONT-RUNNER
BECOME A DEMOCRATIC FRONT-RUNNER IN AN ALREADY CROWDED FIELD.
IN AN ALREADY CROWDED FIELD. AND IT COULD SET UP A
AND IT COULD SET UP A TRUMP/BIDEN SHOWDOWN ALREADY
TRUMP/BIDEN SHOWDOWN ALREADY PLAYING OUT.
PLAYING OUT. BIDEN ON CANDIDATE TRUMP.
BIDEN ON CANDIDATE TRUMP. >> I WISH WE WERE IN HIGH
>> I WISH WE WERE IN HIGH SCHOOL.
SCHOOL. I COULD TAKE HIM BEHIND THE GYM.
I COULD TAKE HIM BEHIND THE GYM. >> Reporter: THE PRESIDENT
>> Reporter: THE PRESIDENT TAKING HIS OWN SHOTS.
TAKING HIS OWN SHOTS. >> I THINK HE RAN THREE TIMES,
>> I THINK HE RAN THREE TIMES, AND HE NEVER HAD MORE THAN 1%.
AND HE NEVER HAD MORE THAN 1%. SO WE CALL HIM 1% JOE.
SO WE CALL HIM 1% JOE. >> Reporter: BIDEN RECENTLY
>> Reporter: BIDEN RECENTLY CALLING HIMSELF THE MOST
CALLING HIMSELF THE MOST QUALIFIED PERSON TO BE
QUALIFIED PERSON TO BE PRESIDENT, BUT ACKNOWLEDGING,
PRESIDENT, BUT ACKNOWLEDGING, QUOTE, I AM A GAFFE MACHINE.
QUOTE, I AM A GAFFE MACHINE. BIDEN WOULD OUT THE HIS WORKING
BIDEN WOULD OUT THE HIS WORKING CLASS APPEAL, BUT WOULD FACE A
CLASS APPEAL, BUT WOULD FACE A NEW CHALLENGE, A FIELD OF
NEW CHALLENGE, A FIELD OF YOUNGER MORE PROGRESSIVE
YOUNGER MORE PROGRESSIVE DEMOCRATS.
DEMOCRATS. THE QUESTION NOW, IS IT BIDEN
THE QUESTION NOW, IS IT BIDEN TIME?
TIME? ANDREA MITCHELL PRESSING HIM
ANDREA MITCHELL PRESSING HIM TODAY.
TODAY. >> WHY WOULDN’T YOU, VICE
>> WHY WOULDN’T YOU, VICE PRESIDENT?
PRESIDENT? >> I CAN’T THINK OF ANY REASON.
>> I CAN’T THINK OF ANY REASON. >> Reporter: BIDEN DECLINED IN